{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red15\green121\blue165;\red164\green8\blue3;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c54942\c70689;\cssrgb\c71055\c10387\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16300\viewh12500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Online lab book for Practical 10\

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 1. 
\f3\i \cf2 Learning objective: Explain how to use common search tags to make your literature searches more effective
\f1\i0\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf2 Tasks: 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Using the Advanced Search interface, perform the following searches: 
\fs24 \cf2 \

\fs32 \cf2 1) Search for publications by professor Hongwei Ouyang during 2005-2012\
\cf3 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=(Ouyang+Hongwei%5BAuthor%5D)+AND+(%222005%22%5BDate+-+Publication%5D+%3A+%222012%22%5BDate+-+Publication%5D)\cf2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Discussion: At first I searched Ouyang Hongwei (8 results) but Jessie searched for Ouyang HW (32 results). After discussion we agreed that we should search for the\ul  full name \ulnone of the author. It turned out that Professor Ouyang used Ouyang H as the abbreviation of his name. The screenshot of all tasks are in the same folder (Practical 10).\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 2) Search for relevant publications related to stem cells in Cell Metabolism journal \
\cf4 I used Title/Abstract to search for journals related to stem cells.\cf2 \
3) Search for papers with conflict of interest statements involving a genome sequencing company called \'93Novogene\'94\
4) Search for review papers on \'93oncogene induced senescence\'94 published after 
\fs24 \cf2 \

\fs32 \cf2 2014 \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 2. 
\f3\i \cf2  Learning objective: Evaluate and refine literature searches\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Tasks: 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 1) Identify main geographic locations for liver cancer related clinical trials (Start by going to the Clinical trials site: https://clinicaltrials.gov/) 
\fs24 \cf2 \

\fs32 \cf2 2) Find systematic reviews on breast cancer drug palbociclib (Go to the Clinical Queries https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/clinical)\
\cf4 The middle column in the page shows the systematic reviews.\cf2 \uc0\u8232 3) Find the filter set that is used to define the Search Strategy Used to Create the \'93
\f4\i \cf2 PubMed History of Medicine
\f1\i0 \cf2 \'94 filter\
\cf4 Found in the Pubmed Special Queries- Subjects.\cf2 \uc0\u8232 4) Using the \'93
\f4\i \cf2 History of Medicine
\f1\i0 \cf2 \'94 filter, search for articles related to Chinese traditional medicine \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 3. Task: 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Register and Sign-in for My NCBI. Set up a search with results emailed to you weekly. You can cancel this anytime! 
\fs24 \cf2 \

\fs32 \cf4 User name: Caitlyn_Jiang, know how to save, but haven\'92t figure out how to send myself email automatically (weekly).\cf2 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf2  Learning objective: Create your own personal ORCID and explain why this is a useful identification number\
\

\f2\i0 4. Task: \cf2 create your own id at orcid.org 
\fs24 \

\f3\i\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b0 \cf4 Cannot access to \'93Some reasons to use ORCID from https://www.elsevier.com/connect/authors- update/ten-reasons-to-get-and-use-an-orcid-id! \'93\
Had complete creating my own personal account.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b0 \cf2 \
}